feat(babel): add process.env.EXPO_OS (#21950)
expo/expo: packages/babel-preset-expo/README.md

# babel-preset-expo

> > The docs have moved to [Expo: `babel.config.js`](https://docs.expo.dev/versions/latest/config/babel/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**
> The documentation has been moved to [`babel.config.js` page](https://docs.expo.dev/versions/latest/config/babel/) in Expo Docs.
```

GFM formatting nit + rephrase.
